<<TRANSLATE_START>>
Executive: Hello
Customer: Hello
Executive: Hello good morning sir.
Customer: Good morning ji.
Executive: Sir, Shadaab speaking from IndiaMART account manager.
Customer: From where?
Executive: Shadaab speaking IndiaMART account manager.
Customer: Haanji haanji.
Executive: Sir, we had a discussion on a video call, right?
Customer: Ji.
Executive: So sir, what I mean is, are you not getting buy leads that are useful for your work?
Customer: Man, those things are not coming according to our needs, I have requested you many times.
Executive: So there sir, like this aluminium profile roofing sheet near Chandigarh line 91 mm 400 square feet. Is this less?
373 square meter
color coated roof, so sir, the main thing is, it's not like we don't have big buy leads, like 1500 square feet, the big buy leads that are being generated with us, are getting sold out.
That is the reason.
Yes sir.
And even before this, I had told you that sir, if you, the main thing is you also have some direct caller inquiry.
The more calls in which you consume valid ones, the more calls and inquiries you will receive.
Yes, since we purchased the plan in September.
In September, we purchased three buy leads, and in October, we purchased six buy leads.
And sir, we receive 72 something buy leads on a monthly basis.
If we consume three valid or six valid out of 72, then sir, we will not have the opportunity to get that much business.
Now, like in November, we have received five calls so far, we picked up two calls and missed three calls.
Sir, the buyer's call that comes, they are interested only, right?
Now sir, who is this Anshika Rana from aluminium sheet?
They have given a rating on November 23, 2025.
Customer: Hmm hmm. Where?
Executive: Dera Bassi industrial area Punjab.
Customer: Okay. They have rating?
Executive: The rating that is available here, means five rating is available, of November 23, 2025, from Dera Bassi industrial area Punjab, in the name of Anshika Rana, this rating is from two days ago.
Customer: Oh, how much is the rating?
Executive: Sir, it is five rating sir.
Customer: Okay.
Executive: So sir, was there a deal with them?
Customer: Uhh, I don't know man, I will have to confirm this, otherwise there used to be a deal.
Executive: No, the main thing is that when there is a deal, only then, either there is a talk, only then they get this option of rating there.
Otherwise, they do not get the option of rating.
Same, sir, this aluminium sheet 8011 of October 15, 2024 is lying there, it belongs to Vishal Punia Rohtak Haryana.
Customer: Hmm.
Executive: This means, this is one month old, means one is two days old and one is one month old.
Sir, sometimes it happens that someone comes and connects, after connecting they come and go and we don't even know that they came from IndiaMART.
The one who is nearby or who has to take in large quantity, they see your manufacturing plant, after seeing the plant, they connect with you directly and come and purchase and leave.
Yes, and we don't know whether they came from IndiaMART or directly.
Customer: Because sir, what we have is
Customer: That's not there, right, how many queries are coming, you need to look at that.
Executive: Yes, I am telling you in IndiaMART, sir, the inquiry that you have is
Customer: Tell him how can we improvise this and what things I can do.
Executive: Hmm, sir, there are one or two things in this, like I told you about the by lead, the more by leads you consume, the more the flow of calls and inquiries will increase and the second thing is that right now we are sitting on the basic plan.
Yes, in the basic plan, sir, there is no TrustSeal etc., there is no trusted member, and all our clients are well-off people, sir, the people who purchase from you, those people are sitting with TrustSeal.
Means, the ones who deal in 50-50 kg, one quintal, two quintals, they are sitting here with TrustSeal, and the buyer sir, trusts the trusted supplier more.
You will also do the same, sir, if you ever go to purchase a helmet, you will definitely see whether it has ISI mark or not.
Customer: What are you saying? so, there is a hallmark to see or not
Executive: Sir, same things
Customer: That I am not satisfied that the leads are coming are correct. that is not coming, I need to take more things first and then
Executive: Ji sir?
Customer: First of all, the proper things are not coming, queries are not coming, something has to come out of it. Then someone will come and see, right.
Executive: Yes, and after that sir, whenever you go to by lead, there is an option on by lead, of past lead, so there sir, for the one that is sold out, the big lead, mark I am interested on it.
The big leads that are sold out, mark I am interested on them, by marking I am interested on it, as soon as that by lead is generated, it will immediately land on your portal.
Whenever that big by lead is generated, it will immediately land on your portal, the benefit of this will be that sir, we will also be able to consume that big by lead.
Customer: Tell me once how to do it on Google Meet session.
Executive: What thing sir?
Customer: Take a Google Meet session on that and explain how to do it, I am saying.
Executive: Okay, do you have time right now, sir?
Customer: Yes, yes, we can do it.
Executive: Hmm.
Okay, I have shared a Google Meet link with you, sir.
Uhh.
See, you must have received it on your mail id.
Customer: Hmm.
Customer: Have you given it on the same id?
Executive: Uhh sir, you must have received a mail on dmm@birgoaluminium.com.
Customer: Hmm hmm. Not received yet.
Executive: Sir, refresh, it must have come, it is showing that you have received it.
Executive: It's not like it is not coming because the phone is on.
Customer: My system is also, the net is off sir, it is on the laptop.
Executive: Oh in the laptop?
Customer: Yes.
Executive: Refresh sir
Customer: Okay.
Executive: Hello?
Customer: Haanji.
Executive: Sir, disconnect this call, I will connect you there.
Customer: Okay sir.
Executive: The voice comes on the laptop there, right sir?
Customer: No, no, don't disconnect the phone, talk on the phone.
Executive: Ji sir okay.
Executive: Ji ji ji.
Executive: Hmm now here sir, go to the side, on the right side.
Customer: Hmm.
Executive: Above the buy leads, it is written here, sir, not Himachal Pradesh here, click on buy leads, yes on this, come on this.
Customer: Here?
Executive: Just above this sir, this.
Executive: Yes.
Executive: Now, these are our fast valid, on which we can put a filter of more than one lakh here.
Customer: This is not to be done sir, means this
Executive: Hmm now see below, scroll it.
Executive: Scroll it, scroll.
Customer: That I had finally applied on second December.
Executive: So like this one is blue aluminium roof
Executive: Let's take it to plane silver, you will see it below.
Executive: Now like this one is
Executive: This is there, right, this.
Executive: Now in this, the quantity of three sheets is added here, but like here, here we also send metro sheets.
Customer: Now see sir, I am still saying the same thing, the problem is in your quantity issue only.
Customer: Issue in quantity coming, what is there in this sir.
<<TRANSLATE_END>>